added more description on commit best practices (#275)
carpentries-incubator/jekyll-pages-novice: _episodes/markdown.md

> ## Writing a Commit Message
>
> A commit message is a short, descriptive, and specific comment that will help us remember later on what we did and why.
> When editing in the Github interface, it will suggest a vague message about which file you've updated or added.
> It is best practice to change this message to a short but more informative message about what in the file has changed.
> This more descriptive message will make it much easier if future you needs to go looking through the history
> for which commit made a specific change.

> > You find more about writing commit message in [this section](https://swcarpentry.github.io/git-novice/04-changes/index.html) 
> > of the Git-novice lesson.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can find more about writing commit message in [the Software Carpentry _Version Control with Git_ lesson](https://swcarpentry.github.io/git-novice/04-changes/index.html).
```
